type:in
title:6 Days Kashmir Tour
image:images/kashmir2.jpg
price:Rs.16,499
inclusions:hotels,taxi,food
overview:Let the woes of daily life take a backseat and get ready to take a scintillating vacation! Filled with an array of fun and adventures, this 7-day trip to beautiful Kashmir will be an unforgettable one. Explore the beauty of magnificent lakes and rivers, the vibrant green of pastures and ridges and the climbing cliffs and plunging valleys. Interact with the locals and learn about the culture and traditions of Kashmir. Srinagar, Sonamarg, Gulmarg and Pahalgam are some must-visit places when you are in Kashmir.
itinerary:
Day 1 - Enter the Heaven; Arrival and Srinagar Tour
Arrive in Srinagar, a city of hidden romance emanating from the Mughal Architecture. Head to the luxurious hotel, located near Srinagar city centre. Freshen up at the hotel and begin your city tour. Visit the historical Mughal Gardens, built by the Mughal Emperor Jehangir. Make your way through the Shalimar Garden, Nishat Garden and the royal spring known as the Chashme Shahi. All the gardens are situated on the bank of Dal Lake with the Zabarwan Mountain in the background. Later in the evening, visit centuries-old Shankaracharya Temple on the majestic Mount Suleiman. After completing the sightseeing, return to the hotel.

Day 2 - Sonmarg Excursion - A Paradise within Paradise, Its Sonmarg time (80 kms; 2 hours)
Escape to the sublime setting of Sonmarg for a full-day picnic. Through the pastures of Ganderbal, you will visit Kangan, one of the prettiest regions in the area, with its vibrant colours and lovely landscapes. The drive to Sonamarg is through yet another spectacular facet of country side in Kashmir, and you will come across Sindh Nallah. As you reach Sonmarg around afternoon, enjoy a sightseeing trip to Thajiwas Glacier or other sightseeing points (on direct payment basis). Wander your way through the magnificent valleys, with beautiful Sindh River flowing along. Witness the beauty of pines and firs on the snow-clad mountains and return to Srinagar in the evening.

Day 3 - Gulmarg Transfer - Breathtaking Meadows (55 kms; 1.5 hours)
After enjoying a delightful breakfast at the hotel, head to your hotel in Gulmarg. Embark on a journey to Gulmarg, passing by the beautiful town and villages. Enjoy the leisure time in Gulmarg, as you take a walk on the lush green meadows of flowers with the backdrop of snow-capped mountains. Freshen up at the hotel and start your day by experiencing the world's highest cable car ride in Gulmarg known as the Gondola. Take a cable car ride to Khilanmarg and Apharwat (on your own cost). You may also enjoy a lot of adventure activities, such as horse riding, ATV motorbikes, skiing, snow sledging, snow scooters, snow mobiles, etc., on direct payment basis (snow activities in winter only) in Kongdoori (1st Phase of Gondola). Whether it is traversing the grounds to see the animals, beautiful mountains, green pastures or exploring the conservation efforts, there is no lack of activity to enjoy in Gulmarg.

Day 4 - Pahalgam 2 day tour : A tour of the inspiring, Valley of Shepherds (90 kms; 3 hours)
Today you will discover the unparalleled beauty of Pahalgam along the beautiful routes with gushing stream sounds hitting your ears calmly and lush mountains surrounding the valley. The route will give a rare opportunity to visit the Saffron fields, Avantipura Ruins & Anantnag Sulpher Springs. At the foothills of the mountains in Pahalgam, you can feel how dominant is the span of nature. Continue exploring the countryside in Pahalgam and enjoy leisurely walks through the forests along streaming Lidder River. The life that fills the sound is vibrant and beautiful, untouched and uncovered, where the world feels pure beside the waters under the mountain peaks, where what was once unknown is now discovered and breathtaking. In the afternoon, embark on an excursion to Chandanwadi, Betaab Valley and Aru Valley or to Baisaran known as the Mini Switzerland (Direct payment basis) to turn your Pahalgam tour into a life-long memory.

Day 5 - Houseboat Stay - A Floating Wooden Palace with a romantic Shikara ride on Dal Lake
Spend the beautiful morning at leisure in Pahalgam. Afternoon transfer to houseboat in Srinagar. Today you will get a taste of Kashmirs cultural accommodations as you check into a floating wooden palace on the world famous Dal Lake : Nageen Lake. As the sun begins to set along the horizon, enjoy a fun filled Shikara boat ride on scenic Dal Lake taking you into different world altogether. Take exciting walks on the boulevard road alongside the lake, with plenty on options to shop and eat. As evening approaches, return to houseboat for dinner and overnight stay.

Day 6 - Unforgettable Memories; Departure
Head to Srinagar Airport for your flight back home. Go back with memories of the breath-taking meadows, imposing valleys and serene lakes