type:int
title:12 Days Australia Tour
image:images/australia1.jpg
price:Rs.2,08,990
inclusions:flights,hotels,taxi,food
overview:The wild and beautiful Australia is known for its iconic road trips, the colour palette of landscapes, vibrantly soulful cities and the majestic reef.Start your journey at Melbourne where you soak in the grandness of the Great Ocean Road. Explore the city like a pro by going on a Melbourne city tour where you visit attractions such as the Federation Square, Eureka Tower, St Paul’s Cathedral, etc. During the Sydney city tour, witness the magnificent Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge. Also, have fun at Bondi Beach or Botanical Gardens and Zoo.  In Gold Coast, a Jet Boating experience awaits you along with amazing amusement and theme parks. Soak your body in the crystal clear water at Great Barrier Reef and get up close and personal with the natural gems of the country with the Blue Mountain Tour at Sydney. There are enough reasons to visit Australia, book your Grand Tour of Australia package now! 
itinerary:
Day 1 - Hello Australia
Arrive in Melbourne - the second largest city in Australia, experiences a mild oceanic climate. The unique ambience of this vibrant city is created by the combination of street art, rooftop bars, restaurants and cosmopolitan lifestyle. Often called the cultural capital of the country, Melbourne has loads of art galleries, museums, theatres, concert halls and public libraries.Once you arrive at the Melbourne Tullamarine Airport, get transferred to your hotel. Spend the day relaxing and taking in the breath-taking sights this colourful city has to offer or in the evening you may head out to enjoy stunning view from 88th floor of Eureka Sky Deck.Stay overnight in the comfort of your hotel and get some rest to prepare for the next few days of relentless fun and excitement.

Day 2 - Melbourne
Rise to a beautiful day and Savour a hearty breakfast. Post which you will embark on a Melbourne City Tour. Among the bustling city streets, cafes and shops, find calmness at Royal Botanic Gardens Victoria, Yarra River Federation Square, Melbourne Zoo and other attractions in Melbourne.Later, in the afternoon explore the city on your own. Else, the cricket fans can choose to visit Melbourne Cricket Ground or else proceed forward to commence on a journey to Phillip Island. See the Little Penguins up close as they return to their nests to greet their young families and view the powerful southern coastline with its clean, sandy beaches and rocky shores. Return to the hotel in Melbourne for an overnight stay.

Day 3 - Melbourne
Enjoy a delicious breakfast and then witness the majestic destination in Melbourne - The Great Ocean Road.The Great Ocean Road is a spectacular coastal drive in Victoria featuring many scenic symbols including the majestic monoliths of the Twelve Apostles. Internationally renowned, it is a once in a lifetime experience. There are numerous fantastic things to do hereWalk down the Gibson Steps to have a closer look at the ocean, visit one of the most stunning beaches - Loch Ard Gorge, Witness the magical view of the London Arch formed by a gradual process of erosion among others. Enjoy a genuine spectacle, watching the colours of the sky & the land transform in the evening light.Return to the hotel in Melbourne for an overnight stay.

Day 4 - Melbourne - Brisbane | Brisbane - Gold Coast
Arrive at Brisbane or Gold Coast Domestic Airport.The capital of beautiful Queensland, Brisbane is the third largest city in Australia winding along the Brisbane River. The city is famous for it’s blend of the modern elegance of CBD with historic buildings surrounded by plenty of parklands and gardens. Gold Coast has some of the most exciting things for the tourist; you can start by cuddling a Koala at Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary or admiring art at heritage-listed Cultural Precinct in South Bank or enjoy the panoramic views of the city at the Brisbane Botanic Gardens Mount Coot-tha or enjoy a 10 to 12 minute ride with a bird's-eye view on Wheel of Brisbane (Optional). You can also go for river cruising on the Brisbane River or appreciate the architecture at the Museum of Brisbane and Customs House.Check-in at your hotel for some rest and relaxation. Later, explore the city on your own. Overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 5 - Gold Coast
Savour the fantastic breakfast at your hotel. Morning is at leisure for you to explore the city on your own or you may head out to Sea World (This is only a suggested activity, and Isn’t included in the package) Have a magical experience watching the gentle marine animals like the whale, penguins, dolphins, seals, etc. You are sure to be captivated by these amazing entertainment options and water-based rides at Sea World.In the evening, get ready for one of the must-do adventures in Gold Coast. Experience the unparalleled combination of Jet Boating thrills mixed with stunning scenery and sightseeing. Get your adrenaline rushing at a full 360° spins, incredible beach buzzing and high speed drifting. You will not regret trying out this one.Overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 6 - Gold Coast
Have breakfast and then you may opt to head out for a visit to Dreamworld.Dreamworld- one of the most popular tourist attractions of Gold Coast. Get ready to try some of the most exciting, thrilling rides ! It offers more than 40 rides and attractions like the Sunset Safari, animal shows, and wonderful outlets for shopping and dining. It also has a Tiger Island, Gold Rush Country, Ocean Parade, Wiggles World, and much more! Have the time of your life at Dreamworld. If the rides are too adventurous for you, then you can entertain yourself with the various shows performed here and explore the food outlets in this place.After spending the day here, return to the hotel for a good night's sleep.

Day 7 - Gold Coast - Cairns
After a scrumptious breakfast, transfer to Brisbane or Gold Coast Airport and board the flight to Cairns.Upon arrival at Cairns Airport, get transferred to your hotel. Check-in to the hotel and freshen up.Adorned with serene beaches and lush forests, Cairns is a prominent holiday destination in Australia. The Great Barrier Reef that runs along the coast of the city is renowned all over the world and is a must see. You have the day at leisure to explore the city on your own. You can also choose the optional activities offered or traverse through the city on your own.Overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 8 - Cairns
Have a hearty breakfast at the hotel.Later head out to the marina and enjoy a full-day cruise to the Green Island. Located in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park, Green Island is a well-known attraction in the region. Situated around 27 km off the shores of Cairns, it is also among the most popular island national parks in the world. The coral bay supports a vine forest and a wide array of diverse plant life can be seen here. Choose to snorkel, dive, stay dry or view the spectacular underwater reefs of the Coral Sea in a semi submarine or a glass bottom boat, or simply laze on the white sandy beach. You can also put on some snorkelling gear to get close to these amazing formations.After the jaunt, return to the hotel and enjoy a refreshing sleep.

Day 9 - Cairns - Sydney
After having breakfast, get transferred to Cairns Airport to board your onward flight to Sydney.Upon arrival in Sydney, get transferred to the hotel. Check-in at the hotel and freshen up; you will be going on a sightseeing tour of Sydney.

Day 10 - Sydney
Enjoy a delicious breakfast, get ready to head out for your full day Tours of Blue Mountains.Travel to the Blue Mountains – a World Heritage Site for exploring the scenic waterfalls, deep gorges, lush eucalyptus forests, high rising cliffs and ancient caves. It is a biodiversity hotspot and an appropriate personification of the endemic flora and fauna of the country. Enjoy adventurous rides that offer breathtaking views of Katoomba Falls, Three Sisters and Jamison Valley. You can see and admire the diverse wildlife in a nearby Wildlife Park.Overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 11 - Sydney
After a lip-smacking breakfast at the hotel, get ready to experience the energy of Sydney.Experience a full day with spectacular scenery in the beautiful Hunter Valley. With over 100 wineries set amongst picturesque landscape, the Hunter Valley region offers great food and amazing wines to excite your taste buds. Sample great Australian wines with cheese and crackers.Overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 12 - Departure from Sydney
All great holidays must end. Relish a yummy breakfast at the hotel and pack your bags and memoriesCheck-out from the hotel and get transferred to the airport for your onward flight.Tour Ends.